I built Pistachio as a way to make it
super easy to get your money on chain to
grow your money on chain without needing
to have volatility risk uh without
needing even to have gas right like uh
uh you don't need a lot of big thing
about Ethereum is in order to send money
in order to deposit money in order to do
anything on chain technically you need
gas and our whole app is gasless.
Hey everyone, welcome to the Smart
Economy podcast where we ask your
favorite builders the questions you wish
you could ask yourself. This is a
production of neonnewstoday.com and I'm
your host Dylan Grabowski. In this
episode, we're joined by Brian
Smokovich, the co-founder of Pistachio
Finance, a smart wallet designed to help
users securely manage their assets and
earn yield. In this conversation, we
discussed Brian's Trad 5 background and
how those principles helped shaped the
outlook for Pistachio, the L2 landscape
and their evolving relationship with
Ethereum, how Pistachio aims to fix the
UI issues associated with blockchain,
the vaults that Pistachio deploys for
earning yield, Brian's risk frameworks,
and so much more. Just a reminder,
nothing said on this podcast is a
solicitation to buy or sell any tokens
and that the guest or host might hold
tokens discussed in any given episode.
You can check out a full disclaimer at
www.newstoday.com.
And if you enjoyed this episode, please
consider rating it and reviewing it on
your favorite podcasting platform and
also sharing with friends and family.
Every rate, review, like, and comment
helps us reach more people and bring you
more of your favorite guests. With all
that said, I really enjoyed this
conversation with Brian, and I hope you
enjoy it, too. What's up, everybody?
Welcome to the Smart Economy podcast.
Today, I am super psyched to be joined
by Brian Smokovich, the co-founder of
Pistachio Finance, a smart wallet that
helps you securely manage your assets
and earn yield. Brian, what is up my
good man?
>> Dylan, what's going on? Thank you so
much for having me. It's a pleasure to
see your face again after many, many
days together in Buenosis.
>> What a what a dream that was. Um, so
yeah, we first met at ETH Mexico last
month and then we got to spend a lot of
time in Buenocidis. So, um, I guess
before we like jump into everything, how
was your past month? You were at ETH
Mexico, then you were in Brazil, and
then you were at Dev Connect. So, what
has like the the tour of Latam been like
for you for the past month?
>> Busy. I I haven't had time. Like, I just
wish there were more hours in the day in
a way. And I wish I had a second brain.
Like, it's it's the um I guess the the
hard part about having like a small team
is that you have to do, you know, if if
you don't do it yourself, it doesn't get
done. And so be beyond that, I we also
had two weddings. So I had like one
wedding and then a wedding the week
after that and then Ethico the week
after the weekend after that and then
Ethlam the weekend after that and then
uh and then Buenosares. And so it's just
been on the move, constantly going. Had
even been home for 2 and 1/2 weeks. Um
and now coming back home and now I have
another wedding and then home for
Christmas. And so I am so ready in 2026
to just lay low, to be heads down, to
build, to focus. Like even right now,
I'm I'm very focused. I think you've
seen some of the um the the previews,
but I've been getting really like kneede
into more design work and like kind of
uplifting and we I want to create a a
stronger level of consistency throughout
the app for the UI and the UX. And so
just I want more time to do that, right?
I want more time to just kind of sit
there and do that and really work on the
product and polish things. And so I'm
like, dude, I'm I'm burnt out from the
from the conference circuit.
All right. Well, before we we dig into
Pistachio and and the the app, the
direction it's going in, the the wise
and the hows for for Pistachio, um, I
just want to get like uh a little sense
of of who you are and where you're
coming from. So before you stumbled into
the blockchain and crypto rabbit hole,
you were in the trady space. So what's
like your postc college beginning of
your career looking like? How did you
stumble in Tradfi? What were you doing
before you entered into the blockchain
space?
>> Yeah, so my first job out of college was
like it was like tough to get a job out
of college. I couldn't find a lot of
things. because there weren't a lot
available. Um, and so I ended up finding
a position back in Manhattan in New
York. So I was I'm originally from Long
Island and wanted to work like I was
only really applying to jobs in New York
City. Uh, and this was so this was like
2013 and the job market was pretty
competitive. Ended up finding a job as a
financial adviser, like a retail
financial adviser essentially. um that
required me to get licensed and so I
received my like life and health
license, my series 7, my series 63 and
um honestly it was it was very brutal.
It was a it was a rude awakening into
the work work world. Basically I worked
12-hour days and so and I lived like an
hour and a half away so I needed to like
train in um get up very very early,
right? So, I mean, the hour and a half
that's like there and back, that's going
to be 3 hours into the 12-h hour day.
So, that's like 15 hours spent basically
working um which was I think a lot of
people think they work 12 hours a day
when they don't actually work 12 hours a
day, right? It's like, yeah, I do this.
It's like, no, man. It's So, basically,
it was 8 to 8 8 I had to be there at
8:00 a.m. until 8:00 p.m. And it was all
commission. I didn't have a salary. And
so, the whole thing was cold calling. It
was it was the majority of my thing. I
had to do like 200 250 calls a day just
picking up the phone and hammering the
dial day in day out, Monday through f
Friday, 12 hours a day of phone call,
phone call, phone call, phone call. Um,
setting a lot of meetings and like I got
pretty good at it. Uh, I was like by the
end of my 10 I only did a year there,
but by the end of my tenure there, I was
like a top five rookie and so which was
great. Like I I I saw like a potential
future there for me. And I loved the
ability to help people to like have
these one-on-one conversations, how to
structure financial portfolios, how to
mitigate your risk, what percentage kind
of needs to be here, how you should be
looking at life in terms of like short
and mid and long-term buckets, and what
are some of like the cooler financial
instruments that people can use or
should be using to like structure their
portfolio, right? And so it gave me like
a very good basis like fundamental um or
just foundation for for finance in
general and like wanting to have an
interest in these things because I
generally found finance very interesting
but one it was like it was very tough
right and and um and part of it was like
some of the people that worked there
weren't very they I think they sold they
tried to like oversell certain products
to improve their commission which wasn't
like very fiduciary of them and like I
the people I worked with mostly were
like very had that fiduciary
responsibility right they had that
mentality they wanted to help people and
so that's definitely what kept me in
like my manager there was amazing and
that's one of it he was like one of my
the favorite my favorite managers I've
ever had but I was just very deeply
unhappy right like depressed and I was
just like man I have to get out of this
and so um what I I thought at the time
is I'm like I want to be a management
consultant right? I want to be I'm like
22 or 23 years old. Don't know too much,
but I'm like I want to help make a
difference, which is so ironic in
hindsight. And so in order to get in
though, it was like it was like really
hard. Like a lot of management
consulting companies only recruit from
top level schools. And I went to like a
I went to a good school like I was
graduated honors at the University of
Delaware, which is I think recently
ranked as a top either been like 25 or
50 like uh school in the nation. But
most most management consulting
companies hire from like Ivy League,
NYU, Colombia, sort of like top top 12,
15 schools, right? And so like how am I
going to get into this? And what I
decided to do is I found 10 different
hiring managers like Bane, McKenzie,
uh all these different uh companies and
like in Manhattan. Found people, found
their names. And what I did is I I went
down to the printer. I found the highest
quality uh paper that I could find. I
printed out my resume on these papers
and I sealed them in a FedEx Express
envelope because if you if the thing is
if you have a FedEx Express envelope and
you send it to someone, it gets
delivered to their desk, right? Like
they receive this thing no matter what
because they get it's like they get
mail, they get this, okay? And so it's
it's express it's like high uh high
priority. And so I found the address of
all their companies and this is hard to
do because it's we're not hard. It's
easy to do but it's not scalable, right?
You can't send out like a hundred of
these very easily. So that's why I
decided to just focus on 10. Sent them
out to the hiring managers. And out of
the 10 that I sent out, one called me
back, right? One called me back and was
like, "Hey, we'd love to interview you."
And it was a small management consulting
company called Kurt Solomon at the time.
They ended up splitting up and getting
sold off um half to Accenture. the other
half to a company merged uh and got
called Wavestone. But so at the time,
you know, they gave me a ring and were
like, "Hey, um they mostly only hired
from NYU, like almost exclusively from
NYU, but the manager kind of liked my
grit and was like, "Yeah, sure. Come on
in." And the standard interview process
there is like four four uh interviews,
right? It's like a there's a cultural
view uh interview, there's a classic
like case study interview, there's
partner interviews, and so I had to go
through six rounds of interviews because
I was not from NYU.
And the same thing, it was like there
was like seven, it was just one extra of
each essentially of a of a case study,
an extra case, uh an extra personality,
behavioral interview, cultural
interview, and then the the partner
interview. And I made it, right? They
made it. I got through um and it was
amazing because this was like a decent
salaried position in Manhattan and got
to um you know I bought three new custom
suits and actually moved formally to
Manhattan so I didn't have to to to
commute every day and and I my my life
just got significantly better
significantly happier. And what was
honestly the best part about that job,
so we had a whole bunch of different
clients, but the best part was my my
client, my favorite clients ended up
being BMP Paraba and and Credit Agricult
BMP Paraba than Credit Agricult to be
honest in terms of my my personal
favorite, right? Um, but they're very
large French investment banks and we
worked directly with the seauite for
both of them, right? So that's like COO,
CIO, CTO, and mostly I was helping
manage like multi-million dollar PMOs.
Um, rolling up a lot of information. Um,
managing a lot of different people
across different verticals and like
taking all that information and
formalizing it and then rolling it up in
a way that is simple, digestible and
pretty for the seuite to be able to like
to look at this and and be like, "Oh,
okay. This is great. I can like make
decisions and action take action off of
these things." And so that was like my,
you know, foray into um into tradi. And
then eventually what happened was in
2016 originally I had a friend that was
like take all of your money and buy
Ethereum, right? And I was like, that's
crazy. I'm not going to do that.
He's I'm like I'm like I have like a
401k. He's like, yeah, liquidate it.
Liquidate it. Put it in. I'm like I and
you know this is the the financial
advisor risk mitigation in voice going
off in my head of like that's a terrible
idea, right? Don't don't do that. And so
what I did is I just took some extra
cash that I had lying around and me and
my brother we threw it into Ethereum and
as it started to cook in like the early
days we were like okay this is kind of
starting to get a little higher. the
Ethereum Enterprise Alliance just
announced this thing with JP Morgan and
like all these like institutional grade
players are starting to get into this
like what is this technology right and
so I I I started to like read
voraciously about Bitcoin and Ethereum
understanding of just like the
digitization of money like that's like
what really brought me into it is like
this is digitally native currency that
can be automated to a degree that um in
a in a composable way that traditional
finance can't can do just right because
of all like the different siloed systems
like the most the most
connecting system that existed is swift
and that was very very slow very legacy
and not being upgraded in any way right
and so um I'm like this is the future
this is the future I want I want we
should get all the banks onto this
because it's the future right like get
all the banks hangs on to this back in
like 2017 and I told my partners about
this at at the company and they were
like absolutely not like no one's going
to buy this like they don't want new
technology they are not going to make
anything cutting edge right and so I'm
like well I need to work in this like I
I am obsessed right I become very
obsessed and so what I decided to do was
I couldn't it it was at the time there
weren't a lot of companies hiring in web
3. It wasn't even called web 3 at that
time. It was just right crypto. And so
I'm like, how can I get a job? Maybe if
I improve my knowledge base, someone
will hire me. And so me being a
non-developer decided to take a Solidity
developers course and cuz I knew what
Solidity was and I'm like, hey, maybe if
I understand Solidity, I'll be able to
get a job in like product or something,
right? Because like I'm I'm work as a
currently as a project manager. like I
should product manager doesn't seem too
far out of my realm of um expertise.
And I went to this company called Block
Apps and they were giving um Solidity
course for it was like a a several day
course essentially with like CTO types
and none of them knew like anything
about blockchain. They were just taking
it to like kind of get their feet wet to
understand to see if this is something
they want to like improve on in the
future. And the guy giving the course
was like, "Hey, can anyone explain proof
of work?" Right? And this is me fresh
off all of my uh my binge reading. So
I'm like, "Yeah, I got this. Let me
explain proof of work." Um I explained,
he's like, "Ah, that was great." Right?
And then uh a little bit a little bit
like an hour later, they're going
through like their architectural stack
and they wanted someone to just like
repeat it, right? Like can anyone
explain like how our what our stack is
and how it works? I'm like yeah, yeah.
like me like I'm I'm all I mean I think
you know by now I'm very eager and so I
raised my hand. I'm like yeah let me
explain this as well. And after I got
done explaining their software stack the
guy paused for a second and was like by
chance are you looking for a job in
sales.
And I was like well as a matter of fact
I am. Okay. So we spoke afterwards and
he's like yeah come by to this meetup
that we're having at this basement in
Brooklyn. Um you can meet our head of
sales there. And I went to go meet her
and like funnily enough like I'm talking
to her. She's like wants to know more
about me and like why I want to work in
blockchain. And while talking to her
like Joe Luben comes up and starts
talking to the three of us and this is
you know right early days and I'm like
and in my mind I'm like I know who you
are right like like okay it's because
his his son was actually the CEO of the
of this company of cold block apps. They
were the very first company to spin out
of the consensus mesh. And what they did
is they had a um enterprisegrade version
of Ethereum that they built in Haskell
that they were selling as like basically
a way for businesses. It was a B2B
product, right? For businesses to create
their own internal Ethereum based
blockchains.
And so they needed someone who could be
in sales that could confidently be able
to explain, you know, technical things
like speak the dev but um in a in a in a
sales manner, right? in a sociable,
outgoing manner. Um, and so there was a
there was a good fit there. After a few
interviews there, they ended up hiring
me and I worked for them for like two
two and a half years in enterprise grade
blockchain.
>> Wow. Uh, quite a story. I think you went
through like five of my questions that I
wanted to ask you. So, well done on your
your arc and being able to kind of like
predict where we're going next. um the
enterprise kind of like chain, the
consortia chain was sort of the vision
back then. Um if you have to like take a
a stab into the air and guess like why
consortia chains never really took off
and why today like we see these trifi
guys building L2s. Um like like what
would you say it is? Why did the the
private or the public chain actually
win? Why are L2s the kind of like thing
that they want to build and they're
willing to to settle and communicate
through an L1 like Ethereum?
>> It's a good question. I think there's a
variety of reasons. I think one back in
2017 um it was definitely definitely
first and foremost a timing issue. Um a
lot of these companies didn't
necessarily know what was what the
technology was and they were just doing
their initial research. Like we spoke to
probably most of the companies within
the Fortune 500, right, that were like
they were they all did their due
diligence on blockchain back in 2017 and
most decided to pass on it. I think one
it was too expensive back then to
integrate a solution. Um because it was
so like early and novel. Um it was it
was if you basically were building a
custom uh database solution especially
internally and so the the price factor
was was high right like you're taking a
lot of risk in that in that in those
early days. Um, two, it came down to
this idea of um, it's like credible
neutrality, right? Like a lot of a lot
of things or even before maybe maybe
that's number three, like two is the
speed. And so it's like, okay, if you're
going to build this this blockchain
database, it needs to decentralize
something, right? It needs to it needs
to disseminate trust between multiple
parties. It can't really just be for one
company. It needs to be for some sort of
consortion. And so cuz a traditional
database is just faster just straight
up, right? Like we all know that it's
it's like blockchains aren't like a
better technology in terms of speed or
throughput. Um they were they were meant
to disseminate trust uh between
different parties. And so
that came down to like number three then
it's like okay you can't just
necessarily get one player to do it
unless it's like a very specific use
case. And I can go into a use case in a
second that does solve this. Um but
basically it's like okay so if we want
to bas if we want to share information
right because that's really like the use
case of like the B2B uh areas how are we
sharing information one a lot of these
companies don't want to share
information between each other it's like
okay this is my competitive edge why
would I share this okay so we do have to
share this specific sort of information
can we share it in a way that makes
sense um in in this trustless manner
that the data needs to go on a
blockchain to be automated from that,
right? Like that's really the only use
case if if you can take uh automated
action from that data.
And so the the actual like niche or the
use case is kind of spec very specific.
And one company that did use this, this
is all I believe public information now,
so it's it's fine, but the biggest uh
customer at the time was Monsanto that
we had, right?
And so a lot of what they were trying to
do it was basically like like automation
of supply chain management. And so uh
and this I always thought was like a
pretty good use case for for blockchain.
I think it was just more of like either
the technology that didn't work so well
like like with deepen now I think it is
probably even better. Um but it's like
okay if we have these uh uh machines
that are tracking the the the truck and
when it comes in and we can scan that
and then we can have like a verifiable
ledger of when certain products are
scanned in and handed off and and uh by
certain carriers by certain deliver by
certain delivery um like all the way
from the farm, right? So it starts from
the farm and they can basically have
like full uh full data insight into
their supply chain from seedling to sale
and cuz that's it's a very long process,
right? And so for having being able to
collect like very granular data
throughout that entire process would be
a major boon for them and they so they
essentially built their entire own
system to do this because they also
don't want to share this data with
anyone, right? It's why like a private a
private database works for them. Um, and
then if you want to have a public
uh I think this is why like the public
ledger essentially wins at the end of
the day is because if you want to be
able to work together in this trustless
manner, the information needs to be
publicly available and verifiable by
everyone and credibly neutral, right?
And so, okay, if it's publicly available
now, we can um trust that you're not
going to screw me over, right? Because
who owns this private blockchain if
we're going to do it? Okay, it's like if
we're using public Ethereum,
the public owns this, right? Like it
it's a publicly owned blockchain. Um, we
can build on this in a way that you
don't own it. I don't own it. So, we can
in that that that credible neutrality is
finally there. And I think that's why
someone would build on a public
blockchain as opposed to a um private
blockchain. Also, the liquidity like all
the liquidity is on public blockchain
like these larger companies like Robin
Hood for example who build their own L2.
One they built like they built an L2 on
on Ethereum over Salana because they
want to own the block space, right? With
Salana, you can't own the block space as
an L2. And so Robin Hood one wanted that
and then they too wanted to to tap into
the existing liquidity of the EVM
ecosystem, right? Because it becomes
then much easier. Ramping is one of the
hardest things in crypto in general.
Like how do you get someone on chain and
then which chain and then is that is it
is that liquidity easily portable to
other chains? Um and it's a war at the
end of the day, right? like every chain
is just trying to battle and retain TVL
from which stands for total value
locked, right, which is liquidity. Um
they're all battling for liquidity and
trying to retain that liquidity on their
chain because that's how they make more
money and that's how they survive and
they exist. If liquidity fleets your if
if liquidity flees your chain, you know,
your chain ends up dying because you
don't have any money, you don't have any
transactions, people aren't using it,
and then you become a ghost chain. And
that's what happens with many we've seen
with many L1s and the EVM has a very
sticky liquidity mode especially because
of the the trust within the security of
the L1 um as to where people store the
majority of their TVL right the highest
TVL by of of any chain or of any
ecosystem is the EVM by far um and so
it's just you know at that point people
want to tap into that they want to tap
into that already existing liquidity
without needing to design and work with
uh ramping providers.
>> Yeah. So, this is kind of um a little
bit outside of the the scope of
Pistachio, but I did want to like touch
on this in general since you're building
in EVM land. Um we saw kind of this
vampire attack of of L2s and and the
rollup ccentric roadmap. we saw like
this negative correlation or externality
that was associated with like the launch
of optimism and the OP stack and these
these forthcoming ZK chains and they
were able to like suck liquidity and
suck value and suck activity away from
the Ethereum L1 from like 2022 basically
through today. So how like how do we
reconcile that? Because it was a little
damaging to the Ethereum ecosystem to
see all these L2s launch, their tokens
launch. They took value away from the
ETH token itself. Like if you look back
at price action, it suffered a lot. So
there was also still this kind of like
internal vampire attack. Is there like
has that been fixed? Is the path forward
going to be to unite this liquidity a
little bit better? like how do we
reconcile the rollup ccentric roadmap
and are things starting to look up for
EVM landscape and Ethereum L1 and L2s?
>> I'm smiling because this is such a good
segue into Fusaka which I know you've
done your research on. you. I went and
had to do an extra re cuz I haven't had
time to really look into the hard fork
as much as I usually do. And so I went
by and and did additional due diligence
into this so that cuz I knew I knew you
were going to show me up on it and I'm
like I need to to to do my own uh
thorough due diligence or as best as I
can at least because this is um I think
I think it's a forest for the trees
situation. I think it was like
short-term pain for long-term gain,
right?
um when it comes to like like yes in a
way it's like a liquid like a vampire
attack but at the end of the day all the
settlement still goes to to the L1 right
not necessarily all the data
availability like that is sort of split
between like Ethereum native and some
other alternative providers um but at
the end of the day right everything gets
written back to the L1 uh the L1
security of of of Ethereum and so it it
was also needed to scale right like
Ethereum was not scaling. It was having
too much um too much throughput
essentially, too much demand in a way
that the fee prices were spiking. Uh and
the chain became unusable for many
people. Um I mean the the the vast
majority of people and if we the idea
was okay, we could exist with this
current premium or realistically if we
want the world to run on Ethereum, we
need to scale. we need to scale um
immediately and that that's that
short-term solution was the L2. They are
starting to scale the L1 right now as
well. But realistically, they needed
both. They wanted to go in like the form
of sharding for example and that was
sort of like not necessarily it it was
scrapped, right? But not but portions of
sharding were taken with 4844 with uh
the the way that they implemented blobs
and then especially now with Fusaka they
have like uh data availability sampling
and so I think the plan was and this is
what from why I cuz I was also very
critical about this and like why are we
why are we not driving more value back
to the L1? Why are we just letting the
L2s kind of like freeload and take all
take all this value? And the response
that I got from the ecosystem was
essentially for growth reasons, right?
It's like, let these L2s become
dependent on the L1, on their security,
let them focus entirely on their app
ecosystems, on improving their own
throughput, on all these all these
things, right? Well, without having to
worry about security because honestly,
it is a major concern, right? Like you
don't want to necessarily have to worry
about security cuz now your whole
ecosystem is at risk of being attacked.
Um, and so that's just like another
thing you have to worry about if you
decide to like build an L1 or pivot to
an L1 when you can just eliminate that
thought entirely by building as an L2,
which honestly is a it's in my opinion
the much better choice for chains to do
rather than build an L1. Most people I
think have built L1s over the last few
years as just a way to raise money as a
VCA narrative. Um, really then it's
like, oh well we're can make things
better, faster, stronger. It's like
why? Why? Like you they do it for the L1
premium when when when fundraising is is
like the the blunt answer, right? Um and
so I think it's much easier to do this
L2 mechanism. And so we're at this point
now with Vusaka coming. Vusaka is a the
name of the recent Ethereum upgrade that
took place yesterday. Um and basically
the whole intention of this upgrade was
scaling, right? Scale the L1, scale the
L2. Um and they did this in several
different ways. basically this idea that
uh to to answer the act to directly
answer the question of essentially like
like L2s and freeloading and value where
the value gets driven is currently uh
part of the part of the hard fork was
designed to increase the minimum base
fee of these blobs right and so that
means that um
the data avail the the the data that
these L2s write back to the L1 is not
necessarily
as cheap as it was. It's a bit more
expensive. It's not necessarily going to
be extremely expensive. Um especially as
more blobs come into existence. Like I
believe there's six right now and in
this upcoming week they're going to
increase it the target to 10. And I
believe they're trying to increase this
all the way up to 72. And so it's like
there will be more blobs in existence as
demand scales up, meaning these L2s
shouldn't shouldn't expect to pay an
exorbitant amount. But all they did was
design this system so that these these
blobs the blobs are just where they
where the L2 store data, right? That's
just they store it separately from the
L1. And so these blobs itself um or they
they store within the L1, but they they
they it's just different from it's it's
in a different place. And so um
the the cost of these blobs essentially
was just would bottom out at times and
be like very very very very very cheap.
And that's why no value is being derived
to the L1. I think I saw something that
if Fusaka was in uh had been live since
Blobs had gone live the L1 would have
generated like over like 70 to 80
million worth of revenue. Um, and so at
the end of the day, what this what this
does, I don't think that they're going
to capture that full revenue, right?
Like some people are going to move their
data to these alternative players
because they're cheaper. Some of them
are going to stay on Ethereum because
it's has better security. Um, right,
there is like a premium associated with
the the L1 blobs. Um, but basically at
the end of the day, what this means for
both Ethereum and the L2s is that uh it
should be a more symbiotic
uh relationship as opposed to like a
parasitical relationship from the L2s to
the L1's. You know, they inherit the L1
security. They're going to have to pay a
little bit more. It shouldn't be
exorbitant again. Um, but basically,
more value is going to be driven back to
the L1. More ETH is going to be burned.
more revenue is going to be created for
stakers and so overall it's like it
creates a healthier L1 ecosystem and a
more valuable uh ether.
>> Yeah. So from where I stand this is kind
of like the first of of three things
that seem important to me for allowing
the EVM like the L1 for Ethereum and
also the ETH asset to acrue the value
that it's due. uh Fusaka is like a great
first step especially as we talk about
creating a market for paying for these
blobs. Um but also there's uh a future
of like native rollups and leveraging
Ethereum to be the DA layer for all
these L2s. But then also something that
came out of Dev Connect and we don't
necessarily need to go into like super
deep detail on these because I myself
haven't done my my deep due diligence
yet but we have native rollups coming in
the future as well as this uh
interoperability layer for Ethereum. So,
as we kind of like move forward and we
continue scaling the L1, um, what are
just like some of your insights into how
the native rollup landscape and also EIL
will be able to further enshrine this
ability for L2s to kind of like send
value back to Ethereum as the L1 and the
ETH asset.
>> I actually haven't done as much research
into this uh niche, so I think I would
be doing a disservice of of trying to
opine on it. Dude, let me just like
pivot then since we don't want to like
pull answers out of our asses then. Um,
and this is a great opportunity to kind
of like finally start talking about
Pistachio. Um, so Pistachio is is a
smart wallet app and when a user goes on
there, they can send any of their assets
on an EVM chain to the smart wallet and
the app will be able to like natively
swap internally and also send assets um
into the token that that is used into
the vaults that are being used. So,
let's a just do like a quick 30
secondond pitch of what pistachio is and
then secondarily I would love to like
keep building on the line of
communication we were just having and
talk about the role that L2s and L1 have
in the way that you build out Pistachio.
>> Yeah, cuz that actually had a very large
influence on how I did decide to build
the app. Um but basically uh Pistachio
itself is so over the last 10 years I've
just heard complaints of the Ethereum of
of the Ethereum ecosystem right mostly
around like the UX whether it's fees uh
whether it's token approvals whether
it's seed phrases
um it's all all of these things that
kind of combine into one um poor
experience for normies right it's kind
of the thing is ah if you want to get
into Ethereum you have to like learn all
of these things. There's a lot of
education. There's a lot of within the
rabbit hole uh and just blockchains in
general, right? And it's sort of even
why Salana kind of had a a very dominant
period uh about uh like 2 years ago was
because they had focused on this this
user experience of trying to make things
easier for the user. And so I wanted
this for Ethereum, right? I wanted
something that was mobile first because
the the world is mobile first, right?
like crypto in general is very desktop
first like if for like Chrome extensions
and so I wanted something that was um
easy for the majority of people to be
able to use access. So you don't have to
be you don't have to worry about seeds
you don't have to worry about gas. You
have a wallet that you you you it makes
it we made it basically um nearly
impossible to to be hacked. It's like to
to to lose your money from an external
threat. uh and also the ability to very
easily cryptographically recover your
account without us being a custodian and
without us holding your keys for you at
any time, right? And so we did all this
which is like really cool. I actually
had had a lot of compliments over the
course of Buenosarius when I had an
opportunity to explain how we, you know,
do key distribution, key recovery and
and everything and um which was really
cool to see people like really like
understand it and and vibe with it as
like ah yes, this is a good way to to
reach retail, right? Um and so just
making things like safer, easier for
people. And then the idea of where
Pistachio's like current iteration is
and moving forward is I want it to be a
basically your portal to to easy high
quality lowrisk DeFi um in a way where
you can just like very easily earn and
compound your money. A lot of a lot of
crypto over the last cycle has been
focused on like the casino games, right?
And I think that's what gives crypto
like a very bad name. Um, mostly because
it's PvP. Like a lot of a lot of crypto
games and memecoins, for example, are
PvP games in which the winner is the one
who has like the the asymmetrical
information, the one who has the
information beforehand, usually the one
who's launching the token. and they
whether they rug or they use bots or
whatever it might be, they're extracting
liquidity from the average Joe who comes
in as a hey, my friend made $10,000 off
of memecoins, right? And which some
people still may hit that, but you're
probably better off just like playing
the lottery than than like trying at
this point, right? early early in the
early days, yes, you could actually hit
memecoins with with um more consistency
and more widespread uh just with a
higher rate before basically the the
information became too asymmetric. And
now you can't. Now it's very difficult.
Like I would not I would not really
recommend most people try. And a lot of
the apps that were being built in these
days for retail were betting apps or
gambling apps or memecoin apps. And I
just I'm like no man that's not I I
think it's just that's how you get
people to really hate crypto, right?
Because overall um a lot of people who
who came into crypto in the early days
maybe bought at the top and with the
volatility lost a lot of money and they
never came back, right? because it's
like, man, I lost so much money. Like,
I'm getting out of this. And the same
thing with uh with memecoins, right?
Like, they try to get in, they try to
get rich quick. And and the reality is
in order to make like a 10x, you you
have to take money out of someone else's
pocket and put it into yours, right?
That's kind of like how like big 10x
hits, like equities don't even do within
like rare exceptions like that sort of
like insane growth. And usually you're
not even a part of that unless you're
doing very deep due diligence, right?
And so in my mind, especially with my
like financial advisor, putting my
financial advisor hat on, it's it's like
wealth is is long-term. Wealth is built
over the long term and built with uh
risk mitigation and built with um
compounding interest, right? And so
there's a lot of really good
opportunities in DeFi to build with
these sort of safer lowrisk uh yield
opportunities in which you can
outperform US treasuries
um and maybe either like on par with
with traditional equities but without
the downside risk, right? And so I'm not
saying you like someone should like not
invest in stocks and only invest in um
like stable coin yield for example,
right? But it's this idea that you can
invest without the the the downward
volatility of of crypto, of equities, of
anything. And where this really comes
into play is in volatile market
conditions or in areas where maybe you
think if you're bearish on the overall
market, bearish overall in the market
being that like if you think that
something very bad is going to happen,
right? like if we're going to we've been
in a bull market for a very long time
like overall not considering crypto but
just like like um everything uh I think
that the money printer has been going
crazy right like the inflation has been
the real rate of inflation is much
higher than we than we think it is um or
that's reported to us and so we have to
figure out ways to hedge against this um
a USD stable coin vault isn't going to
hedge against the the inflation for
example example, but absolutely it'll
hedge against these like downward
markets, right? So like if the if the
the stock market crashes for any reason
or if we go into a recession, you're
preserving your US dollars um and you're
growing it at at a reasonable rate
that's that exceeds US treasuries,
probably somewhere between you can get
like 5 to 13%. Um usually 11 to 13%'s a
spike. I think more of like 8 to 11% is
probably the the optimized range for
like stable coin yield while still
remaining relatively or low risk. Once
you start to exceed that on like a
consistent basis, the yield is either
boosted, it's unsustainable, right? Or
it I mean it's usually in those or or
it's it's a scan, right? Which is like
the worst case scenario. Boosted is okay
because it'll just run out and you can
just kind of like milk it in that time.
But most of the time these sort of
juiced yields are unsustainable. They
come back down. People move their money.
Um right because these rates are derived
from from borrow demand on chain. Um but
yeah, so basically I built to make it
more to be more succinct, I built
pistachio as a way to make it super easy
to get your money on chain, to grow your
money on chain without needing to have
volatility risk, uh without needing even
to have gas, right? like uh uh you don't
need a lot of big thing about Ethereum
is in order to send money in order to
deposit money in order to do anything on
chain technically you need gas and our
whole app is gasless you can deposit you
can withdraw you can send money to
someone in like in like the sense that
you know Americans are very familiar
with Venmo we've done it in a way where
you can transfer money to over to anyone
in 130 different countries like an
unlimited amount essentially because
it's all on chain um without gas right
with it and it settles within less in
generally a second if it's on any of the
L2s. Um, and so it's just for me I'm
trying to fulfill the future vision that
I saw for like the automation of like a
crossber finance um of a more
permissionless finance, right? Where you
can just kind of have access like anyone
in the world can access these things uh
and be able to send money
permissionlessly across uh borders to
whoever they want, right? and so um in a
in a more automated fashion. And so
that's what it's really cool to kind of
like be here 9 years later after
remembering me reading this book being
inspired of like the automation of
finance.
>> Um one of the and I forget who said this
uh but it was one of the takeaways that
I saw from Dev Connect is that uh they
were having a lot of conversations and a
lot of the people there weren't
necessarily like memecoin shitcoin
traders. They were just like normal
people who have stable coins and not
even a stable coin in a vault or in a or
in anything. They're just holding ETH
dormant. They're just holding their
stable coins dormant. And so I'm
wondering if you had a booth at Dev
Connect. And so I'm wondering if this
experience resonates with the one that
you had on the ground were the
conversations you were having with
people the types of folks who were just
like holding ETH without staking it,
holding ETH without putting it in
vaults, holding stable coins without
putting it in vaults, and do you think
that like um you're going to be able to
sell them on being able to deploy their
capital in something like Pistachio?
Yeah, I think I think that's the that's
the million-dollar question, right? Um I
didn't run into as many of those
conversations to be honest of people
just holding, but I can empathize with
the reason. Um and it's just that's the
lowest risk, right? Just by holding just
vanilla stable coins, by holding vanilla
ETH, especially if it's on like the L1
for example, you're minimizing your
risk. You're taking with there's risk
there's additional risk in L2s. There's
additional risk in DeFi. There's smart
contract risk. There's a reason that the
yields are higher, right? Like it's
everything comes down to RR at the end
of the day. If you want a higher return,
you need to take on some higher risk. Um
but the most intelligent way to do it is
to just take on intelligent risk, right?
Take like understand the risk that
you're taking on and then um
understanding if the if the the the
reward is worth it. And so I do think to
some degree I'll be able to get these
sort of people in. There's a reason that
there's like billions of dollars locked
in DeFi, right? Um especially like
institutional grade investors are
deploying their money on chain to these
types of vaults. Um and so it's about
bringing access to those institutional
grade vaults to retail, right? It's like
giving you giving giving Alice and Bob
the same sort of access to to yield
opportunities that these hedge funds are
deploying their money to. Right. And
that's I think something beautiful about
crypto that's not really available in
traditional finance.
>> Yeah.
>> I want to jump in real quick and talk
about um risk. And I think that there's
uh two lines that I want to go down as
we pull this thread. And one is going to
be risk for your your crypto native,
your your onchain DGEN. And then the
other one is going to be for someone
listening to this who doesn't have
stable coins, doesn't have ETH yet, but
they're getting interested in allocating
a portion of their capital into onchain
um features. So, the first type of risk
I want to talk about is for someone
who's never been on chain and when they
hear like Pistachio creates an account
in a way that's unable to be hacked,
that is just kind of like I don't want
to say it's just it's something that
their ears perk and they're like, "What
the hell does that mean?" So maybe to
like walk down that line, I think the
the happy medium for how we can um shape
this discussion is why did Pistachio opt
to use MPC as part of the way to create
accounts? And what does that mean for
you? Like legally speaking, that removes
concerns that Pistachio has to face from
like the SEC as being a broker dealer or
anything like this. How are the ways
that accounts are created, they're safe,
and that Pistachio can help somebody get
access to their account if they lose
like their cell phone, but at the same
time not be beholden to Pistachio and
worried that you guys are going to get
hacked and uh our information is going
to be leaked um all these major leaks
that we've seen over the past 10 years.
>> Yeah, great question. Um, and cuz there
a lot of thought went into the the
architectural design of this in order to
satisfy everything that you just talked
about, right? Um, and so where to start
is that most people there there's a the
the perspective that we took was okay,
there's all these existing attack
vectors. How can we just like
systematically eliminate each one? And
that came down to it's like okay
hacking, fishing, and draining are like
the three biggest ways that you can um
be hacked essentially, right? That's one
is someone gets a hold of your seed
phrase. Uh two, uh that's like the hack.
The fish is that someone gets a hold of
your um a password when you sign in of
some sort, right? And they're able to
like to access your account. Uh, and
then the drain is that you sign
something malicious um because you're
not screening the transaction and
basically it's a contract that just it
has the ability to automate the the the
the way to take all of the money out of
your wallet, right? And all these are
very bad user experiences. Um, the worst
user Vitalic says the worst user
experience is uh negative 100%. Right?
It's like volatility you can stomach
because maybe it comes back up but if
you lose all your money it's it's gone.
like you you really can't get it back.
And so we made it in a way where we save
the the private key of your wallet,
right? Of your access key, your private
key, the thing that you use to sign
transactions to the hardware enclave of
your phone. So we don't have that,
right? Like that is locally on your
device. And this does a few things. Um
one, we made it so that in order to get
into the device, you basically need a
biometric or a pin um just to like
access the device. uh which is pretty
coming become pretty standard along um
or among uh fintech devices and or
fintech apps. Um and then the second is
that in order to sign a transaction, in
order to like move money at all, right?
Because that takes the first you need to
have your device. We we en we we
multi-layered that with the the
multifactor authentification as well of
again the biometric or if you don't like
biometric a pin. Biometric being face ID
or uh fingerprint for Android, which
most people are comfortable with. If
you're not comfortable with it, we
totally understand. Uh you know, you can
just do a pin that you have to like
memorize and that's like the risk,
right? is that you know remember your
PIN in order to to be able to like have
that that that send. Um, and so this
creates like a level of security where
if you're not you, you can't send the
money out of you can't access the money,
you can't send the money out, you can't
move the money, you can't do anything,
right? If you're not you, um, which is
great. And then the question becomes,
well, what happens if I lose my phone,
right? Because the key is stored
locally. Um, and and the full key is
stored nowhere else. What happens if I
lose my phone? What happens if my phone
is stolen? Right? Like if the phone is
stolen, you would you wouldn't have to
worry about anyone actually cracking
into it. They can't extract the seed
because it's within the hardware enclave
of your phone. Uh they wouldn't be able
to access the app and they wouldn't be
able to sign anything, right? So like
there's no real worry about your money
being gone, but it's like how do you get
access to your money again? And that's
that that question I think was really
important for us because um while trying
to onboard a lot of people over the last
decade um you know I've seen people like
one of my friends was finally like yeah
fine I'll download it. I try to get him
onto MetaMask you know however many five
years ago maybe at this point maybe four
years ago and he got to the point of the
seed phrase and just closed the app.
He's like, "Nah, I'll do this tomorrow."
You know, "I'll do this later." You
know, and I'm like, "Oh, that's a big
conversion fall off, right?" Like, how
many people, one, don't do it because of
laziness of not wanting to write down 12
words. And then two, just also the fear
of like, "Hey, if you lose these 12
words, you just lose access to all your
money." It's like that's not great, you
know? That's that's not that's not like
a fun thing to have to like internalize.
And like, okay, so what if there's a
fire? Okay. So, I have to write it on
something fireproof and then I have to
duplicate it and put it into the bank
and then put it here and then put it
here and all these different things,
right? And so, we use, you mentioned MPC
before. So, MPC stands for multi-party
computation. Um, basically multiple
parties are needed in order to do some
sort of like cryptographic proof. And
what we've done is we've enabled NPCs
specifically for recovery. And what this
means is that when we save your private
key to the hardware enclave of your
phone, we also are creating a backup for
you. But this backup isn't one full key.
It's it's actually two different key
shares. And so with the two different
key shares, they're both encrypted. Um
half of it, so both of these are two
halves of the key. One half is stored on
on your cloud and the other half is
stored on Pistachio servers. And what
this means is that if either both our
servers and your cloud are also both
encrypted. If that encryption is ha is
if that encryption is broken, which is
less likely, it's more likely that
there's an internal hack somewhere
either to our servers or to your cloud,
right? Your your password is
compromised. It's why we don't use
passwords. We use onetime passwords for
everything as a liveless check to
prevent that that fishing attack vector.
Um and then so
let's say they get access to this half
the key.
um they can't one that again it's
encrypted right they get access to your
cloud they the the the c the the keys
encrypted the key half is encrypted if
they do somehow break it which is
unlikely then they only have a half and
it's entirely useless right so even more
unlikely is them getting access to both
of these halves and even if they somehow
do you actually can't put them together
if if you have both halves the only way
for these halves essentially to have the
glue to be able to like be put together
is if the user themselves initiates the
recovery via a liveless check of a
one-time password um which you basically
via your email or SMS um and also again
with the biometric that you set up
originally. So, how this works in
practice is that you when you create a
Pistachio account, you sign up with your
email, you get a onetime password, you
choose a username, we create your key,
and you're in. So, it's it's I think
onboarding takes about 45 seconds
overall. So, it's it's it's a fairly
quick process. Um, you now lose your
phone, right? Or your phone's stolen.
Like, that sucks, but at least your
money's they don't have access to your
money. So, what you do is you go get a
new phone, right? So, I go get a new
phone. I go get a new iPhone. I sign in.
Um, I have I now have my uh I sign into
my I have my iCloud because I'm
recovering all my my data, all my apps.
I have my Gmail, right? I sign into my
my download Pistachio. I sign in with my
Gmail account. It sends me a one-time
password. Um, I get it, right? It as a
liveless check to show that on me. All,
of course, all my my biometrics are
already stored within Apple being
secure, so I don't really have to worry
about any of that. Um, it checks that
it's me because the onetime password in
the biometric. Uh, and now I'm in,
right? And that's it. Basically,
Bistachio servers say, "Ah, hey, you you
have a new phone. You approved you you
passed the one the liveless check and
you passed Apple's or Android's uh
biometric check. we can release this
other half of the key because you have
your other half of the key and and have
shown that um you're you right. And so
in practice, it's recovering your your
key is just as easy as like account
creation. You're just signing in on a
different phone because if you're not
you, you wouldn't be able to sign in on
a different phone. Someone actually
tried to break this in a way to like as
like a gotcha moment for us. He's like,
"My friend was able to sign into my
account on his phone, and it was because
he gave him the onetime password,
right?" And so, but the guy wasn't able
to sign for anything. He wasn't able to
move. I'm like I'm like, "Okay, try to
move the money." And it like the guy had
access to like see the account, but he
couldn't move anything cuz he didn't
have the key. He like was Yes. was able
to sign in as sort of like a readonly
thing, but he didn't have the key to do
access, right? He didn't have the half
of the key. he didn't have like the
biometric access and so this was
actually I think before we even had the
biometric access for everything. So now
the guy this guy wouldn't even be able
to do this sort of like readonly um
thing you know this was over a year ago
at this point so he wouldn't be even be
able to do this sort of thing that again
didn't even work.
>> Yeah. Cool. Uh we have a little bit less
than 10 minutes and there are still
three things that I want to get through.
Um
>> got to be succinct.
>> Yeah. And and this is really like the
and these three things are like the
killer reasons why you should be using
pistachio.
>> So first of all um when you go on now
there's three different vaults that you
can choose from. Four different vaults,
excuse me. Um to gain yield on either
your USDC, your wrapped ETH or your
CBBTC. So what are the pools and the
vaults that people can contribute their
funds to? And how do you guys choose
which pools and vaults to implement into
Pistachio?
>> Great, great questions. Um, so in its
current iteration, we have four vaults,
right? In the upcoming iteration, which
hopefully should be live sometime in
January, and so this will be very
timely. Um, we're basically changing up
our our user experience, our UI, and
this will allow users to choose the
asset that they want to earn yield on.
Um, and this will either be dollars,
euros, ETH, Bitcoin, uh, and then
eventually even like the Mexican peso,
the Brazilian realale, and gold, right?
And so like we're coming coming up into
like real world asset territory here.
And uh what it does is we're we're
making it
more um I want to improve the trust
basically. I want to I want users to
come in and be able to see okay these
vaults are legit. This is like the risk
profile. So we're actually integrating
risk rating into everything um that we
don't do. It's actually like an external
party who's very like a very
professional called uh exponential fi
that does um you know institutional
grade uh uh risk grading essentially.
And so we're just going to leverage
their grades for all these vaults um and
putting them in so that users can earn
on whichever of the asset that you want
to earn on. Right? This does mean we're
going to be integrating more uh vault
players. Um and so how do we choose who
we integrate and so it's basically the
process is going through and finding out
a lot of it's like reputational to start
just like figure out what direction I
want to go in. We don't use a lot of
players who are too new just because
they they need like more time in the
market to kind of um improve their
standing, make sure they're they're
hardened and not not hacked and those
sort of things. Um and then it's like
you can tell by either like TVL but also
like their risk framework and I I just
basically go back and forth with their
BDS quite a lot to understand how they
how they observe risk. Um and what that
means is like which what what are their
underlying assets and uh how how
intermingled are they with other vaults
and and what what are the risks right
and so for example we're going to be
integrating uh one vault called or one
vault provider called Gauntlet Gauntlet
is probably known as one of the top two
risk curators in the entire space. Um
they do uh they have they have different
vaults for different risk profiles,
right? They have like some safer vaults.
They have some that are a little higher
up on the risk curve, but overall their
risk framework is very good, right? Like
that like there's been a a few hacks
over the last few months that people
have lost a lot of money to, especially
when it comes to like yield bearing
stable coins, right? Like XUSD and
stream
um and things of that nature, right?
It's like, okay, like where does the
yield come from? Um, and Gauntlet, for
example, had absolutely no exposure to
any of this because they said that XUSD
did not uh comply with their risk
framework, right? They they took one
look at it and they were like,
absolutely not. This is it's a black
box. Basically, if things are a black
box, if your strategies and your funds
are offchain at all, you're eliminated
from a lot of these risk profiles. Uh,
and that's where where trust comes into
play. That's where the blockchain
shines, right? Is like, okay, if your if
your strategies, if your uh if your
volume or TVL, right, if your liquidity
is all on chain and we can see in which
vaults that you're you're holding the
assets, okay, we can we can determine um
the underlying risk of each vault, which
rolls up into the overall risk of the of
the of the curated strategy, right? And
so that's kind of like a big thing is
making sure that these curators do have
this and that they aren't exposed to um
like high risk interestbearing stable
coins like for example some of the other
risk curators um like Mev and RE7 had
exposure to XUSD right um via like their
underlying pools. And so this be then
becomes a question of okay well how is
their overall risk framework working if
they if they were investing into these
sort of things at a at a minimum basis
what does that mean for their other
pools right and so I sort of look at it
as I tried to be very cautious with who
we want to integrate there's another
provider called yo who does something
very similar you know a high quality
risk framework um and they have a lot of
a lot of what these what these guys do
is they try to
uh uh redemptions as instant as
possible. Uh and they also use uh a
company called Hyper Native. So Hyper
Native is used by Gauntlet and Yo Vaults
are currently integrating them. So
they're not live but they will have it.
And it's basically just like onchain
threat monitoring. And what this allows
these vaults to do is that um they're
able to see if an attack or a hack is
being triggered or being if something is
happening, right? if something's a miss
and create automations from that to
where like Gauntlet can essentially pull
their money out because they're they're
constantly watching these vaults. If
anything is triggered, it triggers an
automation for them to pull the money
out, right? And so that's just like
another layer of like risk mitigation
of, god forbid someone is trying to hack
one of these vaults that or that a hack
does somehow happen that their money is
the first out, right? and that they
which is essentially your money, right?
And so, um, it's just another layer of
security. And so, what we do for these
vaults, for everything that we do is we
are now giving them risk grades. We're
showing you the historical API APYs.
We're showing you if are they protected
by Hyper Native or not. Um, we'll then
show you like the the further risk
breakdowns, what are the underlying
pools that are in there. And some of
this may be too too much information for
for someone who's not familiar with
onchain, but like onchain investing, but
I would rather at least like give you
this information in a digestible way
that you can see it and do your further
due diligence if you want, right? like
um actually it kind of it's funny when I
was uh originally selling life insurance
back in in my first like financial
advisor job uh we would sell life
insurance as an investment vehicle in
which you could wrap around like
variable insurance uh it was called
variable insurance but basically it's
insurance you could wrap around the
stock market and equities right and you
would have control over your um your
investments and the big competitor to
that is something called whole life
which is essentially a black It's like
we are just going to give you 5%. That's
it. We just give you 5%. You don't know
what's invested in it. You don't know
what's what's going on. You don't know
what the fees are. You you know nothing,
but we just give you 5%. You're happy.
And so like I like don't agree with that
sort of perspective of like investing.
Like I want to know what my things are
invested in. I I want to know what the
risk profiles are. I want to know what
the underlying pools are. And so we're
just we try to be very transparent with
all of these things. And we only we try
to only integrate well we only integrate
players not that we try we do we only
integrate players where we can get this
information and display it to the user
so that you are at least equipped with
um with knowledge if you so choose to if
you want to be equipped with the
transparency to be able to see where
your stuff's invested in so that we can
improve this the the trust within the
user relationship right like you need to
trust Pistachio you need to trust these
vaults um you are taking on like a
higher risk by investing in them. So
like it's it's it's up to me to
essentially give you the equipped you
with the information to be able to make
this decision as a user if you want to
invest or not.
>> Awesome. Well, we have hit the top of
our hour. Um, I think for for anyone
who's listening to this, um, after
hearing all of of everything that Brian
just kind of like laid out, there are
two kind of killer features that are
going to be added to the the app soon.
One of which is called pods and the
other is called card. Pods will
basically create an AI enabled automatic
rebalancing system for portfolios and
card is actually going to give you a
bank account in um Mexico, Brazil, uh
the US and the EU. Um so maybe uh we can
have a space in the future to kind of
like dig in further into these once
they're live. But I think that these are
if if you've heard everything that Brian
said, you can really understand and
appreciate the the value of trusting the
services that are implemented into the
app and that you as the user kind of
have ultimate control over the assets
that are underlying. So keep an ear to
the ground for these forthcoming uh
features that are going to be added into
the app. So, I guess kind of like my
final question then for for you, Brian,
is who do you want to reach out to you?
Who do you want to beta test the app?
And what's the best way that they can
get in contact with you and Pistachio?
>> I think if if if what I said calls your
attention, right, then absolutely you
should try the app at minimum. Um, we're
doing we're always doing a lot of beta
testing, a lot of bug fixes. And so,
anyone who's willing to come in and try
to break it, we'll we'll log those and
try to fix them as fast as possible.
Dylan himself found like eight maybe
more bugs. And so, all of them are now
fixed and we thank him very much for for
breaking it. Um, the easiest ways to get
in touch with me, I'd say are the
easiest way is probably at this point X.
So, my my tag is bes
um I would say Telegram, but I just
recently enabled the spam filter so that
unless you're already friends with me or
you're a premium member, you can't
message me. I just get too many um spam
messages which are just annoying at this
point. And so, I'm just I just decided
to to cut that loose. So yeah, connect
with me on X. Reply to me or send me I
think my DMs are open there. So just
either send me a DM if I don't reply,
reply to me and I'll eventually like
I'll see you. Like that's it's it's easy
enough.
>> Yes, you're a prolific poster and
responder. Um very much appreciated from
a founder.
>> Yeah, ultimate reply guy.
>> Yeah, man. Well, uh this was awesome. I
was looking forward to having you come
on the pod since we met at ETH Mexico.
And um honestly, we probably didn't get
to cover half of what I wanted to cover,
but that just leaves an opportunity for
the future to to create more content
together. So, Brian, with all that said,
thank you so much for coming to join the
Smart Economy podcast today. If you
haven't already been pistachio pilled,
go check out the app. Um I myself am a
crypto boomer. I'm a desktop first type
of user and this is kind of like the
first mobile app that has like
invigorated my love for for what they
can be. So, thank you for building that
and for building Pistachio. Um, you've
brought me from the depths of
cryptoboomerism.
Um, and yeah, man. Uh, great to to
connect at the events we've connected.
Very much looking forward to future
connections IRL and online. And um,
thank you for your time today.
>> Yeah, my pleasure, man. Thank you so
much for having me. I really appreciate
it. It was uh it was a fun it was a fun
time.
>> Cool, man. Cheers.
>> Cheers.
>> Thank you so much for tuning in to the
Smart Economy Podcast. To stay in the
loop with all of our latest episodes and
insights, head over to
www.smarteconomyodcast.com
and don't forget to subscribe to our
YouTube channel for all of our video
content. If you enjoyed today's
discussion, please consider showing your
support by liking, commenting, and
reviewing this episode on your favorite
podcasting platform. Your feedback helps
us reach more listeners and bring even
better content your way. And we'd also
love to hear from you. So, please drop a
comment on Spotify or YouTube to share
what topics you'd like us to cover next
or who you'd like to see as a guest on
the show. And if you or someone you know
might make for a great guest, please
don't hesitate to reach out. We're
always on the hunt for fresh voices and
new perspectives.
And for our NEO token holders out there,
please consider voting for NEO news
today as your council representative.
We've proudly been serving the NEO
ecosystem since 2017, and we'll continue
to do so by putting portions of our
council rewards directly back into
ecosystem growth initiatives.
So, one more time, thank you so much for
listening to the Smart Economy podcast,
and we look forward to catching you next
time.